README.md, before:

# SimpliPass

_Maximize your academic success through optimal course selections and reviews!_

[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/nahiyannaim/https://githubcom/darshanpandhi/SimpliPass.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/nahiyannaim/https://githubcom/darshanpandhi/SimpliPass)


## Deployment

### Web

- **Production:** https://master.dh9t5gt5arcji.amplifyapp.com/
- **Develop:** https://develop.dh9t5gt5arcji.amplifyapp.com/

## Project Proposal

- https://github.com/darshanpandhi/SimpliPass/wiki/Proposal

## Authors

- **Arsh Khokhar**: [GitHub](https://github.com/arsh-khokhar)
- **Nahiyan Naim**: [GitHub](https://github.com/nahiyannaim)
- **Sabit Rahman**: [GitHub](https://github.com/sabit619)
- **Darshan Pandhi**: [GitHub](https://github.com/darshanpandhi)
- **Bohdan Parkhomchuk**: [GitHub](https://github.com/bohdan-p)
- **Owen Leduchowski**: [GitHub](https://github.com/owenleduchowski)
- **Kin Leong**: [GitHub](https://github.com/Waiikiin)
- **Grygoriy Bezshaposhnikov**: [GitHub](https://github.com/SSmade)

Commit message:

Readme update for test commands

README.md, after:

# SimpliPass

_Maximize your academic success through optimal course selections and reviews!_

[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/nahiyannaim/https://githubcom/darshanpandhi/SimpliPass.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/nahiyannaim/https://githubcom/darshanpandhi/SimpliPass)

## Deployment

### Web

- **Production:** https://master.dh9t5gt5arcji.amplifyapp.com/
- **Develop:** https://develop.dh9t5gt5arcji.amplifyapp.com/

## Testing

From the root directory, run command:

- `npm test`

For detailed output:

- `npm test -- --verbose`

## Project Proposal

- https://github.com/darshanpandhi/SimpliPass/wiki/Proposal

## Authors

- **Arsh Khokhar**: [GitHub](https://github.com/arsh-khokhar)
- **Nahiyan Naim**: [GitHub](https://github.com/nahiyannaim)
- **Sabit Rahman**: [GitHub](https://github.com/sabit619)
- **Darshan Pandhi**: [GitHub](https://github.com/darshanpandhi)
- **Bohdan Parkhomchuk**: [GitHub](https://github.com/bohdan-p)
- **Owen Leduchowski**: [GitHub](https://github.com/owenleduchowski)
- **Kin Leong**: [GitHub](https://github.com/Waiikiin)
- **Grygoriy Bezshaposhnikov**: [GitHub](https://github.com/SSmade)
